# sample3

A new Flutter project.

## Getting Started

FlutterFlow projects are built to run on the Flutter _stable_ release.

### IMPORTANT:

For projects with Firestore integration, you must first run the following commands to ensure the project compiles:

```
flutter pub get
flutter packages pub run build_runner build --delete-conflicting-outputs
```

This command creates the generated files that parse each Record from Firestore into a schema object.

### Getting started continued:

This project is a starting point for a Flutter application.

A few resources to get you started if this is your first Flutter project:

- [Lab: Write your first Flutter app](https://flutter.dev/docs/get-started/codelab)
- [Cookbook: Useful Flutter samples](https://flutter.dev/docs/cookbook)

For help getting started with Flutter, view our
[online documentation](https://flutter.dev/docs), which offers tutorials,
samples, guidance on mobile development, and a full API reference.
Could not find an option named "delete-conflicting-outputsecho".

Usage: build_runner build [arguments] [directories]
-h, --help                          Print this usage information.
    --delete-conflicting-outputs    By default, the user will be prompted to
                                    delete any files which already exist but
                                    were not known to be generated by this
                                    specific build script.
                                    
                                    Enabling this option skips the prompt and
                                    deletes the files. This should typically be
                                    used in continues integration servers and
                                    tests, but not otherwise.
    --low-resources-mode            Reduce the amount of memory consumed by the
                                    build process. This will slow down builds
                                    but allow them to progress in resource
                                    constrained environments.
-c, --config                        Read `build.<name>.yaml` instead of the
                                    default `build.yaml`
    --[no-]track-performance        Enables performance tracking and the /$perf
                                    page.
    --log-performance               A directory to write performance logs to,
                                    must be in the current package. Implies
                                    `--track-performance`.
-o, --output                        A directory to copy the fully built package
                                    to. Or a mapping from a top-level directory
                                    in the package to the directory to write a
                                    filtered build output to. For example
                                    "web:deploy".
-v, --verbose                       Enables verbose logging.
-r, --[no-]release                  Build with release mode defaults for
                                    builders.
    --define                        Sets the global `options` config for a
                                    builder by key.
    --[no-]symlink                  Symlink files in the output directories,
                                    instead of copying.
    --build-filter                  An explicit filter of files to build.
                                    Relative paths and `package:` uris are
                                    supported, including glob syntax for paths
                                    portions (but not package names).
                                    
                                    If multiple filters are applied then outputs
                                    matching any filter will be built (they do
                                    not need to match all filters).
    --enable-experiment             A list of dart language experiments to
                                    enable.

Run "build_runner help" to see global options.
